c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\WcfCleverDevices.dll.config
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\WcfCleverDevices.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\WcfCleverDevices.pdb
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Dapper.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Unity.Wcf.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Dapper.pdb
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Dapper.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\obj\Debug\WcfCleverDevices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\obj\Debug\WcfCleverDevices.dll
c:\users\monster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfCleverDevices\WcfCleverDevices\obj\Debug\WcfCleverDevices.pdb
